h2. Install Hoccer to your project

h3. Install the .framework

* Obtain an Api Key and the framework from developer.hoccer.com.
* Add the Hoccer.framework and YAJLIOS.framework (from the lib folder) to your Xcode Project.
* Add following system frameworks:
** CoreLocation.framework
** MapKit.framework
* Add -all_load, -ObjC to Other Linker Flags in your Project Build Options.

h3. Sample Usage

h4. Using the linking service api


bc.. 
#import <Hoccer/Hoccer.h>

@interface LinkingViewController : UIViewController <HCClientDelegate> {
	HCLinccer *client;
}
	
@end

@implementation LinkingViewController 

- (void)viewDidLoad {
	client = [[HCLinccer alloc] initWithApiKey: @"apikey" secret: @"sharedSecret" sandboxed: YES];
	client.delegate = self;
}

- (IBAction)send: (id)sender {
	NSDictionary *payload = [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObject: @"World" forKey: @"Hello"];
	[client send: payload withMode: HCTransferModeOneToOne];
}

- (IBAction)receive: (id)sender {
	[client receiveWithMode: HCTransferModeOneToOne];
}

#pragme mark -
#pragma mark HCClient Delegate Methods

- (void)linccerDidRegister: (HCLinccer *)aLinccer {
	NSLog(@"ready for transfering data");
}

- (void)linccer: (HCLinccer *)aLinccer didSendData: (NSArray *):data  {
	NSLog(@"successfully send data %@", data);
}

- (void)linccer: (HCLinccer *)aLinccer didReceiveData: (NSArray *)data {
	NSLog(@"received data: %@", data)
}

- (void)linccer: (HCLinccer *)aLinccer didFailWithError: (NSError *)error {
	NSLog(@"failed with error: %@" error);
}

- (void)linccerDidUnregister: (HCLinccer *)aLinccer {
	NSLog(@"unregistered hoccer");
}

@end

p. If you initialize the linccer with the sandbox option set to YES, you connect against our sandbox server. You should use this for development. For production you must set this value to NO.

p. See the HoccerApiViewController.h for more...

h4. Using the geostorage api	

bc.. 
#import <Hoccer/Hoccer.h>

@interface GeostoreSampleViewController : UIViewController <HCGeoStorageDelegate> {
	HCGeoStorage *geostorage;
}
@end

@implementation GeostoreSampleViewController

- (void)viewDidLoad {
    geostorage = [[HCGeoStorage alloc] initWithApiKey:<your api key> secret:<your secret>];
	geostorage.delegate = self;
    
	[geostorage searchNearby];
}

- (void)geostorage: (HCGeoStorage *)geoStorage didFindItems: (NSArray *)items {
    NSLog(@"items: %@", items);
}

- 

p. A larger example can be found in the sample folder.